##Step 1: Install Django and Django REST Framework

#Install Django and DRF:
pip install django djangorestframework

#Create a Django Project:
django-admin startproject advanced_api_project

#Create a Django App:
cd advanced_api_project
python manage.py startapp api

Step 1: Install Django and Django REST Framework
Action Items:
Install Django and Django REST Framework using pip.
Create a new Django project named advanced_api_project.
Inside the project, create a new Django app named api.
Step 2: Configure the Project
Settings Configuration:
Add rest_framework to INSTALLED_APPS in your project’s settings.py.
Ensure the project is set to use Django’s default SQLite database for simplicity, or configure another database if preferred.
Step 3: Define Data Models
Model Requirements:

Create two models, Author and Book.
The Author model should have the following fields:
name: a string field to store the author’s name.
The Book model should have the following fields:
title: a string field for the book’s title.
publication_year: an integer field for the year the book was published.
author: a foreign key linking to the Author model, establishing a one-to-many relationship from Author to Books.
Action Items:

Define these models in api/models.py.
Run migrations to create these models in the database.
Step 4: Create Custom Serializers
Serializer Details:

Create a BookSerializer that serializes all fields of the Book model.
Create an AuthorSerializer that includes:
The name field.
A nested BookSerializer to serialize the related books dynamically.
Validation Requirements:

Add custom validation to the BookSerializer to ensure the publication_year is not in the future.
Step 5: Document Your Model and Serializer Setup
Documentation Requirements:
In the models.py and serializers.py, add detailed comments explaining the purpose of each model and serializer.
Describe how the relationship between Author and Book is handled in your serializers.
Step 6: Implement and Test
Testing Guidelines:
Use Django admin or the Django shell to manually test creating, retrieving, and serializing Author and Book instances to ensure your serializers work as expected.